---
title: ARTivism 2025
date: 2025-09-21 16:57:00 -04:00
is featured: true
---

### We never thought it would be THIS successful!

 

By 5:10pm Friday night, the planning crew along with the worker bees were feeling jittery. Would folks come out on a beautiful Vermont day to bid on art? And the answer came back - OMG YES! 

 

Laura clicked in about 165 folks.

 

VT State Treasurer Mike Pieciak (pronounced PeaCheck) spoke about the fund he helped to create - The Vermont Immigration Legal Defense Fund - with cheers and claps from the large crowd. If you haven't met Mike, we highly recommend you reach out to him. 

 

The bar was hopping, Peace Burger was busy serving smash burgers and the bids were flying! So many thanks to afterthoughts for donating the amazing space. Granville Daze played music all night pro bono - original songs with current political lyrics. 

 

### We were gobsmacked when the bids came in. At last tally - over $8200! 

 

### Thanks go out to: 

**The team** who pulled this together. They were busier than a snake in a landslide! Lani, Laurie, Lisa, Karen C, Karen N, Judi, Tisa, Brenna and Jeb
**The IMRVers** who showed up to park, welcome folks, cash out highest bidders, cheer folks on by talking up the art...
**Doug our fab MC**
**afterthoughts** for the donated venue and popcorn (yum)
**Peace Burger**
**Granville Daze**
**Attendees** who brought their competitive bidding attitude and giving spirit
**The weather and** the nearly full gorgeous **moon**